sys-libs/libomp nolto.conf
sys-apps/sandbox nolto.conf
dev-libs/gmp nolto.conf
dev-libs/elfutils nolto.conf
media-libs/alsa-lib nolto.conf
media-libs/libaom nolto.conf
media-sound/pulseaudio nolto.conf

app-admin/keepassxc nolto.conf
app-emulation/dosemu nolto.conf
app-emulation/libguestfs nolto.conf
app-emulation/libpod nolto.conf
app-emulation/qemu nolto.conf
app-emulation/virtualbox-extpack-oracle nolto.conf
app-emulation/virtualbox nolto.conf
app-text/texlive-core nolto.conf
cross-arm-none-eabi/newlib nolto.conf

dev-java/icedtea nolto.conf
dev-lang/erlang nolto.conf
dev-lang/lua nolto.conf
dev-lang/perl nolto.conf
dev-lang/ruby nolto.conf
dev-ruby/stringio nolto.conf
dev-lang/rust nolto.conf
dev-lang/spidermonkey nolto.conf
dev-python/libvirt-python nolto.conf
dev-scheme/guile nolto.conf
dev-scheme/racket nolto.conf
dev-util/valgrind nolto.conf

net-analyzer/wireshark nolto.conf
net-libs/nodejs nolto.conf
net-libs/webkit-gtk:3 nolto.conf
net-libs/webkit-gtk:4 nolto.conf

sys-apps/acl nolto.conf
sys-devel/clang nolto.conf
sys-devel/gcc nolto.conf
sys-devel/gdb nolto.conf
sys-devel/llvm nolto.conf
sys-libs/glibc nolto.conf
sys-fs/fuse-common nolto.conf
sys-fs/fuse nolto.conf
sys-libs/libcxxabi nolto.conf

app-crypt/gcr nolto.conf
dev-libs/folks nolto.conf
dev-libs/libaio nolto.conf
dev-libs/libbsd nolto.conf
dev-libs/libpcre nolto.conf
dev-libs/protobuf nolto.conf

media-libs/mesa nolto.conf
net-misc/networkmanager nolto.conf
net-misc/openssh nolto.conf
net-proxy/privoxy nolto.conf
>=sys-apps/attr-2.4.48 nolto.conf
sys-libs/libxcrypt nolto.conf
app-misc/openrgb nolto.conf
net-mail/mailutils nolto.conf
